feat: flag untyped positional args passed as keywords (#8574)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/error-reference.md

Reviewer: Note that if we merge this error code into the existing `errorClassForUntyped`, we will not need the new error class, and this documentation will not live under this error code anymore (it can either be omitted, or moved to the existing untyped code error class docs, or to the `strong.md` website page).

T.reveal_type(result) # => T::Boolean
```

## 7052

Occurs when a **positional argument is interpreted as a keyword argument**, but

> has type `T.untyped`. This prevents unintended behavior where **an untyped value
> is mistakenly treated as keyword arguments**, potentially causing runtime
> errors.
> 
> You can usually fix this by explicitly using keyword args or ensuring positional
> args have appropriate types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has type `T.untyped`. This error is designed to prevent mistaking an untyped
value for keyword arguments, potentially causing runtime errors (e.g., if the
value is not actually a `Hash` at runtime).

The usual fix is to explicitly use keyword args, or to ensure positional args
are typed.
```

> ### **Example**

Reviewer: Please refrain from using `###` headers in the error reference—they clutter up the already-long sidebar.

```suggestion
**Example**
```
